Add event for next (September) GTN CoFest (#547)
galaxyproject/galaxy-hub: src/events/2019-09-gtn/index.md

---
title: "Galaxy Training Network day - (online) CoFest and community call"
date: '2019-09-12'
days: 1
tease: ""
continent: GL
location: "Online"
image: 
location_url:
external_url: 
contact: "Bérénice Batut"
gtn: false
---

<img class="float-right" style="max-width: 500px;" src="/events/2019-09-gtn/cofests.png" alt="GTN cofest logo"/>

The Galaxy Training Network is organizing every 3 months one day dedicated to the training community: collaborative work on the training content but also calls with the community.

**The next day will be on the 12th of September.** Anyone who would like to contribute, learn how to contribute to the Galaxy Training Material or just catch up with the community is very welcome to join.

> During the day, we will have **2 GTN community calls** to share news about Galaxy and Training, but also just talk together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the day, we will have **2 GTN community calls** to share news about Galaxy and Training, and also just chat together.
```

> To accommodate different time zones and schedules, there will be 2 calls (with similar discussions) at 8am (UTC + 2) and 4pm (UTC + 2) via [Hangout](https://hangouts.google.com/hangouts/_/calendar/Z2FsYXh5dW5pZnJlaWJ1cmdAZ21haWwuY29t.6nungcj20l9qh2uicb8h5ivpds).

Reviewer: Did you want to do the timezone link thingy that lets people figure out the time for them?

Author: I added them
